hello friends how are you welcome to
how to play and play on the guitar
same in this opportunity we are going to talk
of a style of music that is a style
from my country
we use a lot and it's called candombe about
the first style that is showing them
are going to come many more let's talk about
many more senses and well let's talk about
I named it
let's do an agreed on the minor
just to learn it and it would be something
A) Yes
this about what they say
Hello
Y
using the thumb and the little finger
two
or not
no no no
i
well now I'm going to show you a song
very pretty from my country that is a cloud that
it's perfect to learn the rhythm this
that we are knowing well let's go to it
through the roofs
I
all right
Hello
but bad for you to learn
if you want the song
easy